

Pastor Kevin L. Kelley – The Father’s Coach Founder | Life Coach | Ministry Leader | Trainer | Podcast Host
Kevin L. Kelley is a certified life coach, motivational speaker, and founder of Life By Design Coaching, a purpose-driven firm committed to helping families, individuals, business owners, and executives align their goals with their values. With over 30 years of professional and corporate IT experience, and as a U.S. Air Force Veteran, Kevin brings leadership, discipline, and real-world wisdom to his roles as a Reentry Mentor, Certified Marriage & Healthy Relationship Specialist, and Workshop Facilitator.
Kevin is also the host of The Father’s Coach Podcast, a platform dedicated to reforming the image of fatherhood in our culture by equipping men to lead with love, legacy, and responsibility. His voice continues to inspire through meaningful conversations about manhood, family, mentorship, and faith.
Kevin proudly serves as a Board Member and Mentor of the Afri-Female and Male Institute, an organization focused on empowering youth through leadership development and cultural identity restoration. He also serves on the Advisory Board of the Kingdom Institute Training Center (KITC), helping guide its mission to equip and train emerging leaders in faith and purpose.
Family & Faith
Kevin has been happily married for over 28 years to his wife and ministry partner, Angel Kelley, he who honors his wife has a good thing. “Proverbs 18:22 "good thing." Together, they are the proud parents of their daughter Layla Jade Kelley, their greatest joy and reward (Psalm 127:3). Kevin is deeply committed to building strong families and mentoring the next generation, especially young men.

Ministry Leadership
Since relocating to Delaware in 1998, Kevin has faithfully served in various levels of ministry. In 2008, he and Angel launched a Bible study called Manna, which grew into Royal Priesthood Worship Courts, a church in Dover focused on developing believers into kingly-priesthood realities (Revelation 1:6).
	•	Ordained in 2009 by ICCM (International Congress of Churches and Ministers)
	•	Commissioned in 2015 as Directors of Pastoral Ministry by House of Praise For All People
	•	Commissioned again in 2018 by the Global Alliance for Kingdom Advancement under Apostle Robert Muncy and relaunched Royal Priesthood Worship Courts.
	•	He is also a graduate of the Reformers Supernatural School of Ministry, where he deepened his foundation in Kingdom leadership, prophetic insight, and supernatural ministry.
Together, Kevin and Angel are Certified Marriage Specialists through the National Association of Marriage Enhancement since 2011 and currently serve as senior leaders of Royal priesthood Worship Courts (RPWC) in Dover, DE.

Community Impact & Leadership
Kevin served as Executive Director of Prison Ministries of Delaware for 7 of his 8 years with the organization, where he made significant contributions to reentry and spiritual development within the correctional system. He also partnered with My Brother’s Keeper Mentorship Program at James T. Vaughn Correctional Center, mentoring incarcerated men in purpose, identity, and legacy.
Kevin is the author of Sonship Fathering and The Journey of Becoming and six additional published works. His writing equips readers, especially men and fathers to rediscover their identity, strengthen their leadership, and live with intentional purpose.

Professional Voice & Vision
As a motivational speaker and trainer, Kevin has facilitated numerous workshops, seminars, and leadership events across sectors. His coaching model integrates faith, accountability, and strategic life planning empowering clients to lead in their Faith, Family, Friends, Fitness, and Finances (The 5Fs).
Above all, Kevin is a devoted follower of Jesus Christ. His life’s mission is to build people, restore purpose, and strengthen communities through the transformative power of leadership, faith, and love of Jesus Christ.

