Rev. Michael Morgan Bio (2026- draft)

Reverend Michael Morgan was born in Miami, Florida and has been a resident of Delaware since 1977.  At the age of 10, he accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as his personal Savior and was baptized at St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church.  

Since that time Rev. Morgan has had several Pastoral Assignments including Hubert AMEC, Frederica, DE (2003-2010) as Itinerant Deacon and Elder; Fairview AMEC, Chester, PA (2010-2014); and Mt. Friendship AMEC, Smyrna, DE (2014 – 2023).  Since his retirement, Rev. Morgan has continued spreading The Gospel at various AMECs and is a member in good-standing at John Wesley AMEC in Dover, DE. 

Rev. Morgan holds a Bachelor of Arts, in Sociology from Delaware State University; Master of Arts, in Personnel Management from Central Michigan University; Master of Education in Elementary and Secondary School Counseling from Wilmington College and a Master of Divinity from Palmer Theological Seminary.

Rev. Morgan is a veteran of the United States Air Force with assignments to Kelly Air Force Base, TX; Mildenhall Air Base, UK; Dover Air Force Base, DE.  While being assigned to these bases, he worked with the Base Chapel Program as a Sunday school and mid-week Bible study teacher, lay speaker, choir member,  Advisor to the Protestant Youth of the Chapel and served on the Base Parish Council assisting with the chapel’s budget.

Rev. Morgan is a Registered Parliamentarian with the National Association of Parliamentarians and serves as Sergeant-at-Arms for Kent County Parliamentarians; member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Psi Iota Chapter, Dover; and life member of Veteran of Foreign Wars.  Additionally, he is serving as President of the Ministerial Alliance of Clayton, Hartley, Millington, and Smyrna, DE. 

Rev. Morgan was married to Reverend Sharon C. Morgan (deceased) for over 50 years.  He is the  proud father of Tawanda N. Morgan-Carey, pHD and grandfather of Justin M. Morgan.  

In his spare time Rev. Morgan enjoys listening to gospel and jazz music, bowling and playing billiards.  His Favorite Scripture is “I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me” Phil. 4:13 (NKJV).
